h1. GosuTaxi

This project is thought of as a test for the gosu game dev library. It's 
current primary goal is to mimick the C64 game "Space Taxi".

It will use gosu and most probably Chipmunk, the physics library.

Please don't ask me for a binary version just yet. That'd be silly. :)

h2. Todo

* making the tiles 16x16 to allow for bigger maps
* almost everything. physics, collision detection, people, driving
* cool additions on top of the original gameplay (networking?)

Please note that the gosu taxi uses ditz for bug/issuetracking.  At least version 0.2 is needed. See requirements for more info.

h2. Requirements

* gosu (see "the gosu project page":http://code.google.com/p/gosu/ for installation instructions on your platform)
* "Chipmunk phyics library":http://wiki.slembcke.net/main/published/Chipmunk (and a sane build environment to make it)
** download the latest chipmunk release
** unpack it, go to the ruby folder
** execute > ruby extconf.rb
** make && sudo make install
* ditz for bug/issuetracking
** sudo gem install ditz

h2. Credits & Development

All application code is (c) 2007 Jan Krutisch.

Feel free to submit patches, send pull requests via GitHub etc.

h2. License

 DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
  14 rue de Plaisance, 75014 Paris, France
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
